Please give me a chance
How much I say
Yes, just forgive me this time
Tell that to Xunbus
Du Chen
But the son and the elder
You bastard
If you dare to break into my third young master, I will not let you go
Zuo Yong, someone reported you for corruption and bribery
Let's take a walk.
Go away
Let go of me can't let go of me
I have others here.
Would you like to see more?
Du Rao Rao
How many horses am I willing to keep the mayor for?
Yes yes yes if you are obedient
Of course I won't treat you badly.
Zhou Yong is gone now
His position was met by Mr. Zhou
You have no opinion no no no
Zhou always has this ability
The nicest guy ever?
Yes, Zhou, if there is anything you want, just tell me.
Ok you go down
I still have something to say to Mr. Zhou
Mr. Du, you just said that I should replace Mr. Zhong first
I'm serious.
Miss Zhou, you are a smart person.
What to do?
Do you still need me to teach you?